Emit more relevant error message when failing to add source folder (#1021)
github/vscode-codeql: extensions/ql-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - Emit more explicit error message when a user tries to add unzipped sources to the workspace. [1021](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/1021)

Reviewer: Maybe something like this, to clarify what these "sources" are? 
```suggestion
- Emit a more explicit error message when a user tries to add a database with an unzipped source folder to the workspace. [1021](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/1021)
```
